README.md, before:

# 100DaysOfCode
Code for at least an hour a day and repeat the next day. A project inspired from several FreeCodeCamp articles published on Medium.

### Projects
1. **Employee Directory** - an employee listing built using Meteor and React
1. **Tour of Heroes** - an Angular 2 tutorial
1. **CSS Flexbox Practice #1** - Created Facebook banner section using CSS flexbox [[codepen](https://codepen.io/analizapandac/pen/OojPPW)]
1. **CSS Flexbox Practice #2** - Created a copy of the [Daily Prophet](http://redonion.se/cssgrid/) using CSS flexbox [[codepen](https://codepen.io/analizapandac/full/NLMemQ/)]. I decided to write an article about it as well. Check it out at [dev.to](https://dev.to/analizapandac/creating-a-copy-of-red-onions-daily-prophet-using-css-flexbox-1klo).
1. **CSS Grid, Flexbox and Multi-columns Layout Practice** - Re-implemented a copy of the [Daily Prophet](http://redonion.se/cssgrid/) using CSS grid, flexbox and multi-columns layout altogether [[codepen](https://codepen.io/analizapandac/pen/EeeXpp)].

Commit message:

Added article link to grid and flexbox layout.

README.md, after:

# 100DaysOfCode
Code for at least an hour a day and repeat the next day. A project inspired from several FreeCodeCamp articles published on Medium.

### Projects
1. **Employee Directory** - an employee listing built using Meteor and React
1. **Tour of Heroes** - an Angular 2 tutorial
1. **CSS Flexbox Practice #1** - Created Facebook banner section using CSS flexbox [[codepen](https://codepen.io/analizapandac/pen/OojPPW)]
1. **CSS Flexbox Practice #2** - Created a copy of the [Daily Prophet](http://redonion.se/cssgrid/) using CSS flexbox [[codepen](https://codepen.io/analizapandac/full/NLMemQ/)]. I decided to write an article about it as well. Check it out at [dev.to](https://dev.to/analizapandac/creating-a-copy-of-red-onions-daily-prophet-using-css-flexbox-1klo).
1. **CSS Grid, Flexbox and Multi-columns Layout Practice** - Re-implemented a copy of the [Daily Prophet](http://redonion.se/cssgrid/) using CSS grid, flexbox and multi-columns layout altogether [[codepen](https://codepen.io/analizapandac/pen/EeeXpp)]. Article available at [dev.to](https://dev.to/analizapandac/using-css-grid-flexbox-and-multi-columns-layout-to-recreate-the-daily-prophet-7hd)
